okay this is another of the great raids
on mega city in exodia's written wore
this when / vendetta so i will keep it
on a macro view because you tend to do
everything at once nothing nothing slow
about this guy's attacks so just have a
look at this base they had to attack
this well is is carrying a jump now I
guess this is a first look at this place
you've got we risk defense here he's got
the alien and Ferno close together so
that's a good place to be a main raid to
attack from those two sites now down
here he's got a queen so you want to try
and kill this ad in the queen is you're
going to use your heroes you might say
drop a wizard here and drop or is it
here and have you heroes coming through
here and maybe you could actually who
wanted to hope the Queen takes out of
this and try and jump in here I don't
think that'd work because there I think
what happened is the heroes would pull
your king away from this ad so you may
as well just go for approach from this
angle which means that the Queen and
your CC will pull what you want towards
the ad and towards the bow and that way
you'll take this one out and the Queen
and that'll leave you with this one but
again as we all know 180 does dr. Fender
bass so i shouldn let's have a look at
his raid okay so its place to jump where
we thought he thought it would a little
bit of a cleaning up this is wide a star
p she's going to use the Queen to clear
up here and maybe the Queen will get
this ad if he's lucky as well now he's
got the Queen ability let's pause it as
I said he does everything at once so if
you look at his drop he's got five five
limbs here fall is here 3 3 4 & 3
probably would mentalism even but you
can see that he's dropped bunches of
balloons at each of the points of
defense on the top at the bottom he's
dropped a larva a couple of loons and
his heroes too
take out this bit here with the Queen
and it's going to use Queen to kill this
we have the base is only not a lot of
Defense covering this part of the base
and that queen should pull out this ad
as well probably before these learners
come into play to look at where it's put
his rages you see he's using his rage
both the speed into the internos but
also you can see pretty high value one
two three four five buildings in that
rage one two three four five defenses in
that raid so if you work for these neat
positions we've got based a lot you can
actually use your rage base to run into
the internet fast but also get high
value for your ages as well presumably
he let these guys take a bit of damage
and then he'll plug these fries on here
and here and that way he'll preserve
them from and use the actual partly
damaged balloons to cool the informatics
so let's see how he goes so freeze
freeze didn't even let them take much
damage at all probably thinks they can
get most away in and they do get most
the way to that inferno and it's got a
ton of balloons left here no I know and
pretty much no elephants so the rate is
pretty much over it's amazing rate I
thought I say gotta love watching these
raids and I don't know it looks like
it's got about half his balloons it left
there and I'm not sure he's got many
lovers actually popped I think he had
two lovers in the road but it's got 50
57 seconds these only issue here is
potentially the clock but it's still
good as Queen left so just actually so
it gives it a coffee at two minutes
thirty or something like that there's a
tons of time and the balloons will go
and wipe out the way so let's speed this
up will replay the same wave and did a
place about fast and a great rate well I
love that simultaneous hit from all
sides not recommended for thee for the
new players but also you'll see in his
raid he's using again
I'm giant in the King he'd used took out
the ad there with a jump and that was
well with the pocket structure he had
these 29 balloons and really use this
Queen for another wing of the base
awesome right there look for two more
them